(* OASIS_START *)
(* DO NOT EDIT (digest: 67849e66c62dad569b35462f8ff8f7c9) *)
This is the README file for the ocaml-efl distribution.

An OCaml interface to the Enlightenment Foundation Libraries (EFL).

OCaml

OCaml, originally known as Objective Caml, is the main implementation of the
Caml programming language, created by Xavier Leroy, Jérôme Vouillon, Damien
Doligez, Didier Rémy and others in 1996. OCaml extends the core Caml
language with object-oriented constructs.

OCaml's toolset includes an interactive top level interpreter, a bytecode
compiler, and an optimizing native code compiler. It has a large standard
library that makes it useful for many of the same applications as Python or
Perl, as well as robust modular and object-oriented programming constructs
that make it applicable for large-scale software engineering. OCaml is the
successor to Caml Light. The acronym CAML originally stood for Categorical
Abstract Machine Language, although OCaml abandons this abstract machine.

OCaml is a free open source project managed and principally maintained by
INRIA.

Homepage: http://caml.inria.fr/index.en.html

Enlightenment Foundation Libraries (EFL)

The Enlightenment Foundation Libraries (EFL) are a set of open source
graphics libraries that grew out of the development of the Enlightenment
window manager. EFL is developed by Enlightenment.org with some sponsorship
from Samsung, ProFUSION and Free.fr.[1] The project's focus is to make the
EFL a flexible yet powerful and easy to use set of tools to extend the
capabilities of both the Enlightenment window manager and other software
projects based on the EFL. The libraries were created for version 0.17 of the
window manager. The libraries are meant to be portable and optimized to be
functional even on devices such as PDAs.

Homepage: http://www.enlightenment.org/

Current state of the interface

This is still the early stage of the development of the interface. A few
examples can be run.

The last version can be obtained here: https://github.com/axiles/ocaml-efl




(* OASIS_STOP *)
